chore: move JSON examples from the README to their own file (#416)
pajlads/DinkPlugin: docs/json-examples.md

### All

JSON sent with every notification:

```json5
{
  "content": "Text message as set by the user",
  "extra": {},
  "type": "NOTIFICATION_TYPE",
  "playerName": "your rsn",
  "accountType": "NORMAL | IRONMAN | HARDCORE_IRONMAN",
  "dinkAccountHash": "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz1234abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz",
  "embeds": []
}
```

JSON sent with every notification but only in certain circumstances:

```json5
{
  "clanName": "Dink QA",
  "groupIronClanName":"Dink QA",
  "discordUser":{
    "id":"012345678910111213",
    "name":"Gamer",
    "avatarHash":"abc123def345abc123def345abc123de"
   },
```

`clanName` is only sent when the player is in a clan and has the advanced setting `Send Clan Name` enabled.  
`groupIronClanName` is only sent when the player is a GIM and has the advanced setting `Send GIM Clan Name` enabled.  
The `discordUser` object is only sent when Discord is open and the advanced setting `Send Discord Profile` is enabled.

> Note: The examples below omit `playerName`, `accountType`, and `dinkAccountHash` keys because they are always the same. Also, `embeds` is excluded for simplicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The examples below omit `playerName`, `accountType`, and `dinkAccountHash` keys because they are always the same.

Also, `content` is populated instead of `embeds` for simplicity; this would correspond to the advanced setting `Use Rich Embeds` being disabled. Third-party integrations should rely on the `extra` object instead of `content`/`embeds`.
```

    "killerName": "%NPC%",
    "killerNpcId": 69,
    "keptItems": [],
    "lostItems": [
      {
        "id": 314,
        "quantity": 100,
        "priceEach": 3,
        "name": "Feather"
      }
    ]
  },
  "type": "DEATH"
}
```

### Collection

JSON for Collection Notifications:

```json5
{
  "content": "%USERNAME% has added %ITEM% to their collection",
  "extra": {
    "itemName": "Zamorak chaps",
    "itemId": 10372,
    "price": 500812,
    "completedEntries": 420,
    "totalEntries": 1443
  },
  "type": "COLLECTION"
}
```

### Level

JSON for Levelups:

```json5
{
  "content": "%USERNAME% has levelled %SKILL%",
  "extra": {
    "levelledSkills": {
      // These are the skills that dinked
      "Skill name": 30
    },
    "allSkills": {
      // These are all the skills
      "Skill name": 30,
      "Other skill": 1
    },
    "combatLevel": {
      "value": 50,
      "increased": false
    }
  },
  "type": "LEVEL"
}
```

Note: Level 127 in JSON corresponds to attaining max experience in a skill (200M).

### Loot

JSON for Loot Notifications:

```json5
{
  "content": "%USERNAME% has looted: \n\n%LOOT%\nFrom: %SOURCE%",
  "extra": {
    "items": [
      {

>         // type of this object is SerializedItemStack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        "id": 1234,
        "quantity": 1,
        "priceEach": 42069,

>         // priceEach is the GE price of the item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        "name": "Some item"
      }
    ],
    "source": "Giant rat",
    "category": "NPC",
    "killCount": 60
  },
  "type": "LOOT"
}
```

`killCount` is only specified for NPC loot with the base RuneLite Loot Tracker plugin enabled.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The items are valued at GE prices (when possible) if the user has not disabled the `Use actively traded price` base RuneLite setting. Otherwise, the store price of the item is used.

```

### Slayer

JSON for Slayer Notifications:

```json5
{
  "content": "%USERNAME% has completed a slayer task: %TASK%, getting %POINTS% points and making that %TASKCOUNT% tasks completed",
  "extra": {
    "slayerTask": "Slayer task name",
    "slayerCompleted": "30",
    "slayerPoints": "15",
    "killCount": 135,
    "monster": "Kalphite"
  },
  "type": "SLAYER"
}
```

### Quests

JSON for Quest Notifications:

```json5
{
  "content": "%USERNAME% has completed a quest: %QUEST%",
  "extra": {
    "questName": "Dragon Slayer I",
    "completedQuests": 22,
    "totalQuests": 156,
    "questPoints": 44,
    "totalQuestPoints": 293
  },
  "type": "QUEST"
}
```

### Clue

JSON for Clue Notifications:

```json5
{
  "content": "%USERNAME% has completed a %CLUE% clue, they have completed %COUNT%.\nThey obtained:\n\n%LOOT%",
  "extra": {
    "clueType": "Beginner",
    "numberCompleted": 123,
    "items": [
      {

>         // the type of this object SerializedItemStack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        "id": 1234,
        "quantity": 1,
        "priceEach": 42069,

>         // priceEach is the GE price of the item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        "name": "Some item"
      }
    ]
  },
  "type": "CLUE"
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The items are valued at GE prices (when possible) if the user has not disabled the `Use actively traded price` base RuneLite setting. Otherwise, the store price of the item is used.

```

### All

JSON sent with every notification:

```json5
{
  "content": "Text message as set by the user",
  "extra": {},
  "type": "NOTIFICATION_TYPE",
  "playerName": "your rsn",
  "accountType": "NORMAL | IRONMAN | HARDCORE_IRONMAN",
  "dinkAccountHash": "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz1234abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz",
  "embeds": []
}
```

JSON sent with every notification but only in certain circumstances:

```json5
{
  "clanName": "Dink QA",
  "groupIronClanName":"Dink QA",

> },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  "discordUser":{
    "id":"012345678910111213",
    "name":"Gamer",
    "avatarHash":"abc123def345abc123def345abc123de"
   },
```

`clanName` is only sent when the player is in a clan and has the advanced setting `Send Clan Name` enabled.  

> `groupIronClanName` is only sent with the player is a GIM and has the advanced setting `Send GIM Clan Name` enabled.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`groupIronClanName` is only sent when the player is a GIM and has the advanced setting `Send GIM Clan Name` enabled.  
```

> `discordUser` and its members are only sent when the advanced setting `Send Discord Profile` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `discordUser` object is only sent when Discord is open and the advanced setting `Send Discord Profile` is enabled.
```

> Note: The examples below omit `embeds`, `playerName`, `accountType`, and `dinkAccountHash` keys because they are always the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The examples below omit `playerName`, `accountType`, and `dinkAccountHash` keys because they are always the same. Also, `embeds` is excluded for simplicity.
```

### All

<details>

  <summary>JSON sent with every notification:</summary>

```json5
{
  "content": "Text message as set by the user",
  "extra": {},
  "type": "NOTIFICATION_TYPE",
  "playerName": "your rsn",
  "accountType": "NORMAL | IRONMAN | HARDCORE_IRONMAN",
  "dinkAccountHash": "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz1234abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz",
  "embeds": []
}
```

</details>

<details>

  <summary>JSON sent with every notification but only in certain circumstances:</summary>

```json5
{
  "clanName": "Dink QA",
  "groupIronClanName":"Dink QA",
},
  "discordUser":{
    "id":"012345678910111213",
    "name":"Gamer",
    "avatarHash":"abc123def345abc123def345abc123de"
   },
```

`clanName` is only sent when the player is in a clan and has the advanced setting `Send Clan Name` enabled  
`groupIronClanName` is only sent with the player is a GIM and has the advanced setting `Send GIM Clan Name` enabled  

> `discordUser` and it's members are only sent when the advanced setting `Send Discord Profile` is enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`discordUser` and its members are only sent when the advanced setting `Send Discord Profile` is enabled
```
